# Can-I-use-a-generic-SL-870-1-
Can I use a generic SL 870-1? Brand names, they are everywhere.  From clothes, shoes, and cars, brand names seem to dictate most people’s shopping habits.  Think about it, for most people their influence to buy something or a certain item typically is revolved around someone else having a brand name and you wanting one too.  “Keeping Up with the Jones’” is typically what this is called.  While brand names might be king in the clothing or automobile world I can tell you one thing, brand names don’t matter when it comes to office supplies.  Let me say it louder for those in the very back, “Brand Names Don’t Matter When It Comes To Office Supplies!”. I would bet that nobody has ever in their life gone into an office and stuck their nose up to off brand post it notes, or paper.  There are many types of items out there that function and work just the same as the name brand counterpart AND it costs you less money! This also applies to mailing machines ink cartridges. Do you want to save on postage ink for all your Sendpro mail station machines?  At a normal cost of around $80 per cartridge that could add up quickly depending on your mailing volume.  But can I use a generic SL 870-1 ink cartridge? You absolutely can! Here at Label Supply Mart, we have the perfect solution for those business owners who are trying to save money or cut costs on their business operations. To answer your question “Can I use a generic SL-870-1 ink cartridge?” We offer a compatible SL 870-1 ink cartridge that is guaranteed to work in your Sendpro Mail Station. In fact, you can save money for all your Sendpro Mail Station ink cartridges! Many people who ask if they can use a generic SL 870-1 ink cartridge is worried about voiding the warranty on their machines.  We are here to tell you that you can save money without voiding your machine agreement. Label Supply Mart’s compatible SL-870-1 ink cartridge is USPS-approved high-quality red ink. It is professionally formulated to work in your SendPro Postage Meter. Buy with confidence, knowing our products will not void your warranty.   Another worry of those asking if they can use a generic SL 870-1 ink cartridge is that the quality won’t be the same.  Here at Label Supply Mart, we can attest that our SL 870-1 ink cartridge that has the same lifespan as the leading name brand cartridge. Label Mart’s SL 870-1 ink cartridges yields maximum impressions as the name brand competitor. Label Supply Mart is a postage meter supply market leader which sells postage meter supplies all over the United States. We have over 30 years of experience in the mailing industry &amp; our main focus is our commitment to superior service and customer satisfaction which has helped us establish an unequaled reputation within the mailing industry. We are also a family-owned business. Our products are made right here in the USA, never from China like our competitors. No supply chain issues here!   If you are looking to save your business extra money and not pay extra for a name brand SL 870-1 ink cartridges and want to find a solution for your question “Can I use a generic SL 870-1 ink cartridge?”  Then look no further. Visit us at https://www.labelsupplymart.com and read our reviews from our current clients.  You will be so glad you found us and so will your bottom line!
